README.md, before:

# MapleQuest

## A simple text-based RPG

My project will consist of an application that runs a simple text-based RPG game. The game is relatively simple, and
can be played by anyone, even without prior knowledge of major RPG elements. The motivation behind this project is that 
I've always had an interest in web-based RPGs throughout my childhood, and this exercise would be a great opportunity
to experiment and learn the underlying workings behind such a game.

Users will be able to experience the world of *Aurora*, and begin their hero adventures in the small town of *Henesys*.
From there, heroes will be able to explore new areas, battle a variety of monsters, and collect powerful weapons
that will help you continue your journey. 

## User Stories

In MapleQuest, users can expect the following features:

- As a user, I want to be able to view my hero's current inventory and status
- As a user, I want to be able to heal my hero from a vendor
- As a user, I want to purchase new weapons from a Weaponsmith
- As a user, I want to upgrade weapons from a Weaponsmith
- As a user, I want to be able dismantle weapons from the Weaponsmith
- As a user, I want to have different weapon types (i.e. elements)
- As a user, I want to battle different monsters
- As a user, I want to be able to select between different weapons from my inventory

Commit message:

Implemented fix to crashing if user inputted incorrect value (i.e. character) when required an integer input.  Fixed when Weaponsmith tried referencing a weapon non-existent in hero's inventory.  Added some basic elements in Monster class.  Added basic exploreWoods method, not entirely implemented.

README.md, after:

# MapleQuest

## A simple text-based RPG

My project will consist of an application that runs a simple text-based RPG game. The game is relatively simple, and
can be played by anyone, even without prior knowledge of major RPG elements. The motivation behind this project is that 
I've always had an interest in web-based RPGs throughout my childhood, and this exercise would be a great opportunity
to experiment and learn the underlying workings behind such a game.

Users will be able to experience the world of *Aurora*, and begin their hero adventures in the small town of *Henesys*.
From there, heroes will be able to explore new areas, battle a variety of monsters, and collect powerful weapons
that will help you continue your journey. 

## User Stories

In MapleQuest, users can expect the following features:

- As a user, I want to be able to view my hero's current inventory and status
- As a user, I want to be able to heal my hero from a vendor
- As a user, I want to be able to carry multiple weapons
- As a user, I want to purchase new weapons from a Weaponsmith
- As a user, I want to upgrade weapons from a Weaponsmith
- As a user, I want to be able dismantle weapons from the Weaponsmith
- As a user, I want to have different weapon types (i.e. elements)
- As a user, I want to battle different monsters
- As a user, I want to be able to select between different weapons from my inventory
